new song go speed walk to it!! …
tickets on sale now baybbeeee !!! …
thank you for 100 episodes of the tmg podcast episode 100 w @Logic301 up now on patreon (and will be up on itunes and youtube next week)
love starting my day w a cold glass of ketchup
no such thing as a stupid question unless its like super fuckin dumb but thats obvious u stupid dumbass
meterama fest was cancelled but we're still comin to vegas baby tickets on sale friday im gonna gamble away my life savings on stage
new video im hoping it inspires you 
▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░ 69%
 …
o shit its ur bday? lemme throw up every vid i have of u drunk as fuckin shit on my story as a little gift
bro last night was magcon
Hollywood’s Bleeding is out now! …
bro last night was a play
bro last night was a podcast
omg this is so good …
back in LA baby time to make some god damn videos
easy breezy beautiful gamer boys
HOT DOG FAX w/ @codyko & @thenoelmiller
happy bday dumbass
@tinymeatgang's @codyko takes down the milk industry on another edition of #CampConfessions with @coffeys!   
just got dip spit all over my nintendo DS
Yes …
tickets on sale now baybbeeee !!! …
we number one on the charts baby let’s go …
Human centipede 4 looks crazy …
Available now to stream 
thank you for 100 episodes of the tmg podcast episode 100 w @Logic301 up now on patreon (and will be up on itunes and youtube next week)
going to the obgyn to get my manspread looked at wish me luck
joetengo gusanos en mi cabeza jajajajajajaja!!!!!
damn they said joe lit the Amazon on fire
here’s the music vid …
tonight …
FACING THE MORMON BACHELOR …
5 minutes
this is just India tik tok  …

new vid tomorrow
who da fuck reported this I hope you catch chlamydia
 
watchin sum shit 
YA LADY GA GA WHEN I POKE HER FACE
TICKETS ON SALE NOW!!!

 
Reddit user on a date ft @spockmusic
thank u brother  …
RUN IT UP

 … …
that ain’t sin it’s a loophole
thank you @spockmusic …
Tonight  …
FACING THE MORMON BACHELOR …
we finally got one @XavierWulf
Why is there an apostrophe in ma’am?

Like what’s next?? 

S’ir???

Get real
say what you want about @spockmusic but he is speaking straights facts here!!!
Turning 360 degrees and walking straight back out of there …
Wow this is epic I’ve actually always wanted a sick edit like this thank u …
hey @spockmusic i dubbed over part of that video u posted with some cute sound effects you’re welcome 
Wow that @yakzdubz and @spockmusic ep is fucking wild
rappers talk like cavemen like “made some fire today” bro 
#NewProfilePic
Abduction EP with @yakzdubz out now

 
i've been playing this with purple lambo every set for the past few months and i've had many ppl ask who it was s/o @spockmusic for the banger …
  …
aged cheese is kinda just aged milk that got aged again  like damn how old is that thing  idk
