Pray for the people in the Bahamas. Being hit like never before, Category 5.  Almost 200 MPH winds.
President @realDonaldTrump: “I ask everyone in Hurricane Dorian’s path to heed all warnings and evacuation orders from local authorities.”
“On behalf of all Americans, I’d like to express my deepest sympathies and sorrow for the victims and their families. We ask God to comfort and heal those who are suffering and we hope that there will be a full and quick recovery of the injured.“
Great job by Texas Law Enforcement and First Responders in handling the terrible shooting tragedy yesterday. Thank you also to the FBI, @GregAbbott_TX and all others. A very tough and sad situation!
In addition to Florida - South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama, will most likely be hit (much) harder than anticipated. Looking like one of the largest hurricanes ever. Already category 5. BE CAREFUL! GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
 Satellite imagery this morning of now Category 5 Hurricane Dorian approaching the Abaco Islands in the northern Bahamas. For the latest on Dorian visit  
BREAKING: #HurricaneDorian is now a Category 5 as it closes in on the Bahamas.
LATEST: Hurricane Dorian has intensified to a major Category 5 storm, threatening the northwestern Bahamas.  

-Wind speeds up to 175 mph
-Moving W at 8 mph
-About 25 miles ENE of Great Abaco Island
Thank you, @USACEHQ. 

Our administration continues to work around the clock with all of our federal and local partners to ensure Florida is prepared for Hurricane #Dorian. …
While #Dorian’s path is generally more favorable compared to yesterday, we can’t let our guard down.

Floridians and their families along the East Coast should have a plan and continue to heed all warnings.

See full update here:  
Hurricane #Dorian is now an extremely dangerous Category 5 storm, with sustained winds of 175 mph. If you live along the East Coast, please be prepared, gather your supplies and be ready to evacuate if ordered. …
As you prepare for #Dorian, plan for your specific needs:

 Include medication in your emergency kit
 Charge assistive devices & have extra batteries
 Research local accessible transportation options
 Update your emergency contacts

#Dorian
 
This is only the beginning! …
This should NEVER happen to another President again!
"FALLOUT FROM IG'S SCATHING COMEY REPORT"
If the Fed would cut, we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak companies are smartly blaming these small Tariffs instead of themselves for bad management...and who can really blame them for doing that? Excuses!
Crazy Lawrence O’Donnell, who has been calling me wrong from even before I announced my run for the Presidency, even being previously forced by NBC to apologize, which he did while crying, for things he said about me & The Apprentice, was again forced to apologize, this time.....
....for the most ridiculous claim of all, that Russia, Russia, Russia, or Russian oligarchs, co-signed loan documents for me, a guarantee. Totally false, as is virtually everything else he, and much of the rest of the LameStream Media, has said about me for years. ALL APOLOGIZE!
"It is disheartening that families continue to put their lives and the lives of their children at risk of drowning and heat-related injuries by crossing the dangerous Rio Grande River and through the surrounding desert,” said Del Rio Sector Chief Patrol Agent Raul L. Ortiz.
Looking forward to representing President @realDonaldTrump and the US in Poland for the solemn occasion of the 80th anniversary of the outbreak of WWII. The President will remain in the US in anticipation of Hurricane Dorian and to assist those in need.
