new song go speed walk to it!! …

 
little advice for the college kids out there …
i can finally say 

“Bodyache” out now on all streaming platforms …
you’re listening to 985 The Pube
 now baybbeeee !!! …
thank you for 100 episodes of the tmg podcast episode 100 w  up now on patreon (and will be up on itunes and youtube next week)
love starting my day w a cold glass of ketchup
no such thing as a stupid question unless its like super fuckin dumb but thats obvious u stupid dumbass
meterama fest was cancelled but we're still comin to vegas baby  friday im gonna gamble away my life savings on stage
new video im hoping it inspires you 
▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░ 69%
 …
o shit its ur bday? lemme throw up every vid i have of u drunk as fuckin shit on my story as a little gift
bro last night was magcon
Hollywood’s Bleeding is out now! …
bro last night was a play
bro last night was a podcast
omg this is so good …
back in LA baby time to make some god damn videos
easy breezy beautiful gamer boys
legend …
arent we all in a way
people are loving the new vid
its weird man u cant get the new iphone and wave it around in peoples faces and call them poor without ppl saying ur flexing lol im just living my life jesus
nooo dont watch this new cringe ur so sexy haha …
new cringe today
That’s a wrap on season 3 of real bros thank you   and all of the Simi Valley cast and crew for the super tyte summer my fingers are stuck in double peace sign formation forever one love!
 10 - CODEL IS BACK BABY !!!! 

 
i can finally say 

thank you for 100 episodes of the  podcast episode 100 w  up now on patreon (and will be up on itunes and youtube next week)
lol youtube demonetized my video but then put it on the trending tab? thanks?
I invented birthdays 
merch is live!! …
great pic …
new merch drops tomorrow at 10am PST on  
i open the envelope carefully and look at what the paper says inside everyone stares at me in anticipation wondering what I’ll do there’s a pink bang energy sitting next to a blue bang energy on the table in front of me I shotgun the pink one “IT’S A GIRL!” everyone screams
baby choda
tellin my kids that im brad pitt lol fuckin idiots they'll prolly believe it too
forever alone lol …
treat people with kindness is his cover of knock it off …
new video tomorrow love u
ok boober
my most rewarding role thus far …
my middle name is vibe
go flames …
TICKETS ON SALE NOW AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH …
truly humbled thank you all
oh 4 million cool wow freak about it
DC lets ring in the new year together baby …
hey all my fans!!! you can now TEXT me at my personal number which is 1800-BOOBs-420-hotlinebling!!! this is my REAL number text me and lets chat!! this is real!
20% Off Entire TMG Store by  and   #killermerch # //  
fuck yeah lets do it …
ahahaha …
writing an rnb song about my puppy called “you dont want me you just want my hoodie strings”
reacting to Mark McGrath’s break up cameo
im “thankful”
thank you for your tweet! I am OOO until dec 3rd and won’t be able to like or RT any good shit until then in case of anything urgent please post on IG as I will still be dishing out likes on there happy thanksgiving!
