absolutely no-one:
 :

 
I got something for you mutha fuckas tomorrow
There’s a special place in hell for 
new stream vid: digging in the trash edition 
A dude named kev burns has been running this shit? Y’all definitely getting cancer …
amazon in 2040: were now partnering with Boston Dynamics for assisted suicide! Order it now with prime!
imagine this fool doin this after killing your whole family …
learning how to slack line is the vegan equivalent of starting a podcast
lettuce pray 
sleep dapnea
Wow
which one of these counter strike teams will draft me as their 7th
I need to go outside …
Ima a tre 

he’s a tre

she’s a tre 

we’re all tre way!!!
hangin out 
6ix9ine plans to testify against the captain of the JP Morgan cargo ship that got busted with 20 tons of Cocaine earlier this summer “This has no impact on his case he just won’t stop talking” claims his lawyer Full story:  
should I make a TUOT shirt?
turn up for this dead ass pet one time …
sign me up for the sims battle royale
NEW STREAMING VID: SILICONE FAMILY …
 you’re the man
I can’t believe it …
time to watch the bachelor of provo 
twitter moments: today is Officially “Reply Guy Day”
play what? …
nooo dont watch this new cringe ur so sexy haha …
Hannah baker …
who’s gona tell him
DM me …
a hahaha bitch u better pay up …
absolutely no-one:
 :
 10 - CODEL IS BACK BABY !!!! 

 
absolutely no-one:
 :
 10 - CODEL IS BACK BABY !!!! 

 
oh yeah it’s time 
hell yea …
THIS FRIDAY  
yea …
has there been a successful reply guy?
i don’t wana hear anyone talkin about  shrimp dick
 speaking facts
he getting his pussy ate …
 11 …
guess what
REACT WITH CHAT: THREE-LATIONSHIP 
happy birthday to my boy mr shit ass
I got news for you …
steamy tweets comes full circle …
 a date …
let’s all calm down
TICKETS ON SALE NOW TICKET MASTER IS FUCKED UP SO BUY YOUR TICKETS FROM THE VENUE AT   …
ima be the first black guy in BTS
let me shit post you up listening to blood orange while she fuckin someone else any way
we doin big boomer shit over here
we’d**
we love to …
we in this hoe 
thank you i will never know what peace is after this tweet …
goin live in a bit
reacting to Mark McGrath’s break up cameo
EVERYTHING AVAILABLE NOW ESKURT …
grandma went crazy this year
sick view Thx for sharing Dana!!! …
thought he was fighting naked …
he getting his pussy ate  …
2019
hyuk hyuk
deck my balls 
somebody cast a few of those professional impersonators and film a crazy fake orgy Oprah and kim jong un or something like that
hbd locals only
Asian children work for pennies a day just so you could wear that neon green dress and get left on read
WE GONA BE SMOKIN THAT STROOPWAFEL PACK …
heheheheheh
alright alright I’ll chill out
* while cumming inside my gun *

u kno impeachment and removal are two different things
Yessss Continue Your Frivilous Attempts At Trying To Fix Your Broken And Decrepit Nation It Pleases Me In The End CHINA Shall Have The Final Laugh 
cheeks out for impeachment
I was born stupid ima die stupid impeachment does not change that
Paulie is right I just had to get him
this fool nose everything …
nra dudes shooting their dicks off rn
liberal face book moms givin their kids cbd casserole tonight …
NEW VIDEO: 4 HUSBANDS 1 GAMER WIFE 
!!!!!
one of the many psycho’s in this video …
* while cumming inside my gun *

u kno impeachment and removal are two different things
